Rename Tag(s) to Event(s) (#4046)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/spec/abci/abci.md

Events can be used to index transactions and blocks according to what happened
during their execution. Note that the set of events returned for a block from
`BeginBlock` and `EndBlock` are merged. In case both methods return the same

> event, only the value defined in `EndBlock` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type, only the key-value pairs defined in `EndBlock` are used.
```

  - `ByzantineValidators ([]Evidence)`: List of evidence of
    validators that acted maliciously.
- **Response**:

>   - `Events ([]cmn.KVPair)`: Key-Value events for filtering and indexing

Reviewer: `[]cmn.KVPair` type is incorrect

```suggestion
  - `Events ([]Event)`: Events for filtering and indexing
```

    be non-deterministic.
  - `GasWanted (int64)`: Amount of gas requested for transaction.
  - `GasUsed (int64)`: Amount of gas consumed by transaction.

>   - `Events ([]cmn.KVPair)`: Key-Value events for filtering and indexing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Events ([]Event)`: Events for filtering and indexing
```

    be non-deterministic.
  - `GasWanted (int64)`: Amount of gas requested for transaction.
  - `GasUsed (int64)`: Amount of gas consumed by transaction.

>   - `Events ([]cmn.KVPair)`: Key-Value events for filtering and indexing

Reviewer: same

    voting power to 0 to remove).
  - `ConsensusParamUpdates (ConsensusParams)`: Changes to
    consensus-critical time, size, and other parameters.

>   - `Events ([]cmn.KVPair)`: Key-Value events for filtering and indexing

Reviewer: same
